was largest airport every day 200,000
passengers traveled for 240 destinations
worldwide on over 1,000 daily flights
Emrys is the biggest of the 100 airlines
flying into Dubai
Anita's own terminal as it has more than
250 aircrafts in its fleet including
over 80 double-decker a318 who was
biggest airline needs the world's
biggest catering facility more than
180,000 fresh meals are made every day
by 520 chefs at Emirates flight catering
this is cooking on a grand scale
starting in the cold kitchen with
business class salads which will be
served with a range of fresh herbs and
spices they use over 300 tons of lettuce
and over a thousand tons of tomatoes a
year onto the hot kitchen where she s
produced thousands of different menus
310 thousand tons of the finest beef
tenderloin I used every single year in
this enormous kitchen more than 1500
different dishes are made by hand every
day there are meals to suit every
customers tate from regional curries for
Feist windier to baked beans for
thousands of cooked breakfasts
chefs work around the clock using the
freshest best quality ingredients to
create healthy tasty food which will be
served out thirty thousand feet the
quantities used in this kitchen are vast
and then efficient preparation process
is essential for everything to run
smoothly every piece of cake muffin and
a bread world served on Emirates flies
is made daily in this facility even the
oven sin is busy hot kitchen are huge
industrial sized appliances desserts too
are made from scratch by a special team
of pastry chefs one of the most popular
desserts with customers in the Middle
East is the speciality O'Malley
completed desserts are sealed ready to
be served on board every item is date
stamped to ensure the individual items
are fresh before moving through the
facility to the tray setting Department
over 10,000 staff work in a facility it
is a 24/7 operation teams working on
shift make up thousands of meal trays or
the component parts come together here
gloves are worn to conform with strict
hygiene standards everything a passenger
needs is added to each tray cautery
napkin cups and condiments then the
trace are placed in trolleys and taken
to the loading bay
[Music]
every Emirates flight is tracked
everything you've done but is loaded
from here blankets
linen even the hot towels completed
joists are assembled four hours ahead of
flight departure food is tested to
ensure it has kept shield to the right
temperature a health and safety lock is
completed before toilets are loaded onto
the back of a waiting truck after
loading the truck door is sealed to show
nothing has been tampered with
as the vehicle is now going air side
this fleet of trucks delivers over 160
mm passenger meals to 500 amorous
flights every single day it is a complex
business and one we perhaps take for
granted as we fly off on our travels
[Music]